S3 & CloudFront

In this hands-on exercise, you will create a S3 bucket with a Cloud Front distribution to speed up our the delivery of content to our website.
Prerequisites:

    AWS Account

Topics Covered:

By the end of this lab, you will be able to:

    Create and configure a bucket
    Upload an object to a bucket
    Create distribution

Steps:

    Create S3 Bucket
        On the AWS Management Console page, type S3 in the Find Services box and then select S3.
        Click Create bucket
        Enter a Bucket name.
            Note: Bucket names must be globally unique.
        Click the Create button.
        Once the bucket is created, click on the name of the bucket to open the bucket to the contents.
    Upload Object to Bucket
        Once the bucket is open to its contents, click the Upload button.
        Click the Add Files button.
        Select a file from your local computer to upload.
        Click Open.
        Click Upload.
    Create CloudFront Distribution
        Select Services from the top left corner.
        Enter cloud front in the Find a service by name or feature text box and select Cloud Front.
        Click Create Distribution.
        Under the Web delivery method, select Get Started.
        Under Origin Settings:
        Under Origin Domain Name, select the S3 bucket that you just created.
        Under Origin Path, enter / to indicate the root level.
        Leave the defaults for the rest of the options.
        Click Create Distribution.
            Note: It may take up to 10 minutes for the CloudFront Distribution to be created.
    Delete Bucket and Distribution
        To delete the Cloud Front distribution, click on the radio button next to the Delivery Method for the distribution. Click Disable and then Yes, Disable. Click Close.
        Once the distribution is disabled, you can delete it by selecting the radio button next to the Delivery Method and clicking the Delete button.
        To delete the S3 bucket, navigate to S3, but clicking on Services and typing S3 in the Find Services box and then select S3.
        Select the radio button next to the name of the bucket you want to delete.
        Click Delete.
        Type the name of the bucket to confirm deletion.
        Click the Confirm button.
